Sprint 2 Reflection

Adam's reflection: 
At the start of the sprint a burndown chart was made dividing up all of the different tasks that were needed to be completed for sprint 2. I was assigned with the task
of creating the block objects and outputing them to the screen. Overall, the team did a great job of keeping everyone updated on their individual progress on their task
from the burndown chart. I wouldn't make any changes to our strategy of this for the next sprint. 

As for the process as a whole, the team developed into the Sprint 2 branch directly, which I thought was easier to do then merge requests and conflicts, we could discuss
as a team which we'd rather do. Everything considered, I think our team handled Sprint 2 very well and when we take into account Professor Kirby's code review comment we
will have a solid foundation created.

Zhuozi Xie's reflection:
This is the first time I use GitHub, it takes me some time to get familiar with it. One thinks I remember is I asked to make some changes to the code someone push to
GitHub. I click to download the zip file of the project instead of pulling it to my local repository. After I finish all the work, I didn¡¯t find any way to push it to the
online repository, so I asked my groupmate to help me with it. I teach me how to pull down the repository, and how to push it. Then I start from the beginning again to do
the same work and push it to the online repository. This wastes a lot of time to finish my work. I use many techniques that I used in Sprint 0 to create the enemy. The
process to create the enemy sprite is easy but making it fit into the whole project spend me a lot of time. My teammates start very early, so we complete most of our
sprite¡¯s creation very early. Most of our time is spent on building the factory and controllers to put them together. Mario is another part we work a long time on it,
especially making the fire ball and its movement.

Yao Lu's reflection:
We created too many branches in the beginning which caused some confusion, but that was resolved later. In the next sprint, maybe we need to assign tasks more finely, 
instead of some people having too much work and some too little like in this sprint. Mario stuff is too complicated, we spent a lot of time researching how to do it well,
we should pay attention to code smell next time.

Seth Welch's reflection:
One positive of our team's work this sprint is that we had most of the functionality coded in a few days before the deadline. After receiving Professor Kirby's code 
review we redworked some of our code to be more unified. I think that most of the issues with our code came from having worked rather independently from eachother,
which is why we had multiple sprite factories and controller classes at some point. I think that in the future sprints we should be able to work betteras a team to 
avoid issues like this. Using github was also a learning cuve for someone who hasn't used it very much in the past. I am glad that we didnt have any major issues
with our repository other than some branch confusion. Doing my part with the item objects was simple because of the base provided by our team member's Sprint 0 code.
Things like the well designed sprite interface and the command design made building the item functionality on top easier. It shows that a good foundation makes 
everything you build on top of it easier. For the next sprint, I want us to focus on our work being more unified.