-- readability review --

Author of the code review

	Shuangchen Zhou

Date of the code review

	2023/2/17

Sprint number

	2

Name of the .cs file being reviewed

	/Command/Command.cs

Author of the .cs file being reviewed

	Seth Welch

Number of minutes taken to complete the review

	~10

Specific comments on what is readable and what is not

	This list of commands contains several commands for item switching. 
	In fact these are some of the earliest commands in our sprint group, and it is not surprising that they provide a reference for other commands. 
	I think these commands are very easy to understand and do not use redundant code. 
	


-- code quality review --

Author of the code review

	Shuangchen Zhou

Date of the code review

	2023/2/17

Sprint number

	2

Name of the .cs file being reviewed

	/Blocks/AnimatedBlockSprite.cs

Author of the .cs file being reviewed
	
	Adam Cote

Specific comments on code quality

From the perspective of code readability and maintainability, the quality of this code is good. 
The class naming is meaningful, the code is well-indented, and variable and method names are also in accordance with standards, making it easy to understand. 
The use of interfaces and properties enhances the code's extensibility and reusability. 
It's worth to say that the code also includes some exception throwing, which is a good practice that can help with debugging and error handling.

However, there are also some shortcomings in this code. 
For example, the Position property uses NotImplementedException, which means that the method has not been implemented, and this may cause some confusion for developers who use this class. 
In addition, the assignment of AnimateFrequency is not very clear and intuitive. 
Furthermore, the code lacks comments, which makes it difficult to understand.

Overall, the quality of this code is good in terms of readability and maintainability, but there are some details that need to be optimized. 
It would be better to add comments to make the code more understandable and maintainable.

A hypothetical change to make to the game related to file being reviewed and how the current implementation could or could not easily support that change

There are no methods or properties that allow for the scaling of the sprite. 
The Draw method only specifies the width and height of the sprite based on the texture and the number of rows and columns.
So will not be able to easily support change.